raw-text/p1015-orji.txt:storyboards can be found in the supplementary material.
raw-text/p1065-adamsA.txt:an open-source participatory sensing platform that allowed us
raw-text/p1093-correiaA.txt:developed using it have been released as open-source. Guide-
raw-text/p1093-correiaA.txt:AV with UI. The toolkit was released as open-source, tested
raw-text/p1093-correiaA.txt:Zones. It has been released as open-source (https://github.
raw-text/p1093-correiaA.txt:Both are open-source and cross-platform.
raw-text/p1093-correiaA.txt:was released as open source in our GitHub repository (https:
raw-text/p1093-correiaA.txt:version of AV Zones has been released as open source on
raw-text/p1093-correiaA.txt:toolkit has been released as open-source, and is multi-platform,
raw-text/p109-chu.txt:Should Making supplement current curricula or replace it?”.
raw-text/p1105-ichincoA.txt:For more project-specific examples in open-source projects,
raw-text/p1105-ichincoA.txt:Silvio Meira. 2012. A source code recommender system
raw-text/p1105-ichincoA.txt:programmer assistant for reusing open source code on the
raw-text/p1118-feitA.txt:angle, but refer to the supplementary material for an extended
raw-text/p1118-feitA.txt:extended table with degrees is provided in the supplementary material.
raw-text/p1118-feitA.txt:supplementary material we provide exact accuracy and preci-
raw-text/p1118-feitA.txt:detecting a saccade. Corresponding parameters are given in the supplementary material. Depending on the application, appropriate parameters can
raw-text/p1118-feitA.txt:The supplementary material contains corresponding parameter
raw-text/p1118-feitA.txt:saccades thus larger. Therefore, the supplementary material
raw-text/p1118-feitA.txt:delays are given in the supplementary material.
raw-text/p1136-warnerA.txt:manage a plethora of free open-source tools for all of these
raw-text/p1136-warnerA.txt:Developer API. It is open-sourced under the MIT License
raw-text/p1136-warnerA.txt:source code file (HTML, CSS, or JavaScript) in the code editor,
raw-text/p1167-johnsonA.txt:published description, open-source code, and accessible
raw-text/p1167-johnsonA.txt:[25]), and its source code has been made available by its
raw-text/p1167-johnsonA.txt:importance of open-source implementations of algorithms.
raw-text/p1167-johnsonA.txt:Open-source affords the ability to understand and design
raw-text/p1179-colley.txt:on two open source projects – pgoapi [58], a popular third-
raw-text/p1179-colley.txt: Supplementing crowdsourced data in underrepresented
raw-text/p1265-kery.txt:the concrete level of artifacts like source code and files. In
raw-text/p1265-kery.txt:Variolite source code https://mkery.github.io/Variolite/
raw-text/p1265-kery.txt:supplement to our interview. Using the interview results, we
raw-text/p1265-kery.txt:(source code, input data, output data), code snippets, and
raw-text/p1265-kery.txt:snippets and refusing to delete old source code files in case
raw-text/p1265-kery.txt:package framework [1]. Atom is an open-source code editor
raw-text/p1265-kery.txt:automatically recorded of the entire source code file each
raw-text/p1265-kery.txt:In a VCS, a commit is a copy of source code taken at a certain
raw-text/p1277-koestenA.txt:direction. To supplement the in-depth interviews, we analyse
raw-text/p1295-kangasrasioA.txt:source code were later published within an open-source library
raw-text/p1307-liuA.txt:able in supplementary material. For the following section,
raw-text/p133-kazemitabaarA.txt:MakerWear system is open source, including hardware
raw-text/p133-kazemitabaarA.txt:to support. See our supplementary video.
raw-text/p133-kazemitabaarA.txt:sound-reactive armband, (d) Amelia’s jogging clothes, (e) Jake’s fitness tracker, and (f-g) Austin’s wireless Pokémon. See supplementary video.
raw-text/p1352-tabor.txt:found in supplementary materials. It was interesting to note
raw-text/p1352-tabor.txt:found in supplementary materials.
raw-text/p1352-tabor.txt:$200USD. Because Momo is free and open source
raw-text/p1364-bartramA.txt:and others. 2009. Gephi: an open source software for
raw-text/p1375-kimA.txt:relevant experience across the conditions (see supplementary
raw-text/p1375-kimA.txt:are available in the supplemental materials 1.
raw-text/p1375-kimA.txt:on AMT. Detailed results are available in the supplemental
raw-text/p1375-kimA.txt:Detailed results are available in supplemental material.
raw-text/p1459-rooA.txt:21. Itseez. Open source computer vision library.
raw-text/p1459-rooA.txt:An open-source software platform to design, test, and
raw-text/p1471-lopesA.txt:texture models and open-source methods for rendering
raw-text/p1508-yoshinoA.txt:provide both essential and supplemental information.
raw-text/p1577-schwindA.txt:VR for future research. Source code and assets used in this
raw-text/p1607-hsuA.txt:our servers and used an open source tool developed by Sargent
raw-text/p1634-bagroyATS.txt:challenges of students and supplement clinical data on stu-
raw-text/p1634-bagroyATS.txt:insufficient data, and supplementing them through additional
raw-text/p1674-chungA.txt:supplemented food photos with informative comments and
raw-text/p1768-maurielloA.txt:custom training document (see Supplementary Materials).
raw-text/p1768-maurielloA.txt:included in our Supplementary Materials.
raw-text/p1768-maurielloA.txt:is included in Supplementary Materials.
raw-text/p1805-fanA.txt:supplemented these findings with observations and teacher
raw-text/p1817-fraserA.txt:full task instructions as supplementary material to similarly
raw-text/p1817-fraserA.txt:included as supplementary material for reference. For the
raw-text/p1831-besanconA.txt:gating, however, the use of isometric force as a supplementary,
raw-text/p1867-morrisA.txt:Research on unpaid volunteers contributing to open source
raw-text/p1867-morrisA.txt:23. Lakhani, K.R. and von Hippel, E. How Open Source
raw-text/p1867-morrisA.txt:33. Singh, V., Twidale, M. B., Rathi D. Open Source
raw-text/p1899-zagermannA.txt:object location memory phase (see the video in supplemental
raw-text/p1899-zagermannA.txt:sets and a supplemental video online.1
raw-text/p1935-ford.txt:delving into Melee’s source code [1]. The aim of labbing is
raw-text/p1949-jiaA.txt:list of survey questions is included in the supplementary
raw-text/p1949-jiaA.txt:t-test results are presented in the supplementary materials.
raw-text/p1949-jiaA.txt:supplementary materials.
raw-text/p1949-jiaA.txt:supplementary materials. Overall, more extraverted people
raw-text/p1973-kasunic.txt:Miitomo for one week, and completed supplementary pre-
raw-text/p2019-windlin.txt:in future work. The toolkit is open sourced on github3
raw-text/p2019-windlin.txt:Puccinelli, "An Open-Source Research Platform for
raw-text/p2042-soden.txt:the region. This data collection was supplemented with
raw-text/p2042-soden.txt:supplement, or serve in the stead, of current standards?
raw-text/p2137-hornofA.txt:23, Supplement 1(0), S82-S84.
raw-text/p2189-matthews.txt:Instructional and “help” materials that supplement
raw-text/p220-dezaA.txt:Supplementary Material.
raw-text/p220-dezaA.txt:ity surface; see Supplementary Material), such that, highly
raw-text/p2233-singhAemb.txt:act as supplement to predict these social factors more
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:as Synopsis and Supplement
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:synopsis of the show or a supplement. In other words, should
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:for a documentary with both synoptic and supplementary
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:supplementary content in the app but coordinated viewing of
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:supplementary content supporting a science documentary.
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:Whether CAs should be a synopsis or supplement is a
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:said they most valued supplementary content as a “natural
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:extension to the moment” [10]. Supplementary content may
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:foregrounded and whether supplementary information will
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:compare the effects of synoptic and supplementary CA
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:‘supplementary’ version providing additional supplementary
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:supplementary version of the application, some of the bullet
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:supplementary information related to the content of the show
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:synopsis and supplementary versions of the SAOS app. The
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:supplementary group used the app version containing
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:synoptic and supplementary information. The two groups
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:recall and understanding of the supplementary app content
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:for participants in the supplementary group. As participants
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:could choose whether to see each element of supplementary
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:in the supplementary version. Participants then began
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:individually selected to correspond to the supplementary
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:supplementary information to the CA. We then examine how
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:adding the supplementary information modified the way
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:adding supplementary information to the CA.
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:Z=1.477, p=.164). So the addition of the supplementary
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:and supplementary version groups did not differ in their
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:addition of the supplementary information to the SAOS app
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:56.5, Z= 2.133, p =.056). The addition of the supplementary
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:information may lead the supplementary version group to
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:participants in the supplementary group chose to look at the
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:majority of the supplementary information items, it is clear
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:p=.307). Five of the supplementary version participants
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:would prefer an app that only contained supplementary
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:The supplementary information appeared to make it
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:of supplementary content made it harder to read visual text
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:supplementary information.
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:amount of content seen by the supplementary version group.
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:the supplementary group ((1)=9.14, p=.002). The addition
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:of the supplementary information clearly lies behind this
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:whether to see each of the seven items of supplementary
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:addition of supplementary information. A t-test found no
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:(71.8, sd=7.71) and supplementary (71.8, sd=7.69) groups.
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:paired samples comparison of the supplementary groups’
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:the supplementary groups’ use of the supplementary
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:most of the supplementary information. However, the
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:correlate with the number of supplementary items they had
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:items of supplementary information didn’t improve their
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:supplementary content is a key design issue for their use with
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:factual TV shows. Adding supplementary content to the
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:both displays. The supplementary group found it harder to
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:marginally harder for the supplementary group.
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:not affected by the addition of supplementary content to the
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:app. However the supplementary content was itself recalled
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:participants chose to look at the supplementary content,
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:sufficiently. The difficulty of absorbing supplementary
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:supplementary content may have limited meaning for other
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:our results. Both synoptic and supplementary content should
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:supplementary content and any larger texts should be
raw-text/p2264-dowellA.txt:access to supplementary text. CAs should also support users
raw-text/p2282-balestrini.txt:produce open source tools. Moreover, to cover the cost of
raw-text/p2282-balestrini.txt:The outcome of this phase was a set of open source
raw-text/p2282-balestrini.txt:designed and shared using open source technologies;
raw-text/p2307-ereteA.txt:native or supplemental method of participating in community
raw-text/p2307-ereteA.txt:Online Engagement to Supplement In-Person Meetings
raw-text/p2307-ereteA.txt:supplement their ways of participating directly in local gov-
raw-text/p2359-curmiA.txt:this investigation. BioShare is an open source tool that
raw-text/p2394-millerA.txt:are changing knowledge sharing in open source software
raw-text/p2473-mueller.txt:supplement with a practical example from the sports
raw-text/p2499-britton.txt:affordable, open source technology.” The headquarters for
raw-text/p2511-houA.txt:that when we supplement face-to-face court interactions
raw-text/p2594-santiniA.txt:integrated into EyeRecToo [34], an open-source data acquisi-
raw-text/p2594-santiniA.txt:low-cost open-source gaze tracker. In Proceedings of the
raw-text/p2594-santiniA.txt:Enkelejda Kasneci. 2017. EyeRecToo: Open-Source
raw-text/p260-goriAFL.txt:Supplements 3, 3 (1899), i.
raw-text/p2617-vogl.txt:In this section and in the supplementary video, we present a
raw-text/p2628-kimA.txt:function) are included as supplemental material.
raw-text/p2628-kimA.txt:included in supplemental material. To assess statistical sig-
raw-text/p2628-kimA.txt:are included in supplemental material.
raw-text/p2628-kimA.txt:power — are included as supplemental material.
raw-text/p2628-kimA.txt:quencing tool, are available as open source software at https:
raw-text/p2648-wongsuphasawatA.txt:expressiveness constraints (listed in supplemental material) to
raw-text/p2648-wongsuphasawatA.txt:available as open-source software at https://vega.github.io.
raw-text/p2660-jo.txt:Please refer to our supplementary video to see TouchPivot’s
raw-text/p2770-derenziAT3.txt:working, and provide supplementary training if necessary.
raw-text/p2782-lazemA.txt:supplementing existing teaching practices, or transforming
raw-text/p2845-ng.txt:supplement touch interactions if these problems can be over-
raw-text/p2878-zhang.txt:C++ and depends on open-source libraries: Dlib [11] and
raw-text/p2878-zhang.txt:with able-bodied users allowed us to supplement the data
raw-text/p2878-zhang.txt:supplement IR-based eye tracking systems in situations
raw-text/p2890-sobelA.txt:awareness displays that can supplement AAC devices, con-
raw-text/p2890-sobelA.txt:device. Supplementing the interpretation questionnaire, this
raw-text/p289-gonzalesA.txt:high-SES using a median split [5, 6]. Supplemental notes
raw-text/p2928-kraljA.txt:folksonomies. OpenRefine is an open source application for
raw-text/p2928-kraljA.txt:of some of these old designs are provided in supplementary
raw-text/p2988-leeA.txt:supplement the interview transcription.
raw-text/p2993-yaroshA.txt:supplementary materials), along with the three key aspects
raw-text/p2993-yaroshA.txt:supplementary materials) participated. We deemed that data
raw-text/p2998-karolusA.txt:nently, gaze has been used as a substitute or supplement for
raw-text/p3057-bhattacharya.txt:supplement it with pharmacotherapy. For example, C25 who
raw-text/p3057-bhattacharya.txt:side-effects of medication supplements for nicotine
raw-text/p3115-schorrA.txt:CHAI3D: An open-source library for the rapid
raw-text/p3151-chauhan.txt:could be supplemented with interviews of official
raw-text/p3175-chandrasekharanA.txt:used langdetect [54], an open-source Java library, for lan-
raw-text/p3175-chandrasekharanA.txt:the open source models provide the kind of flexibility nec-
raw-text/p3188-adarA.txt:the open-source Medium blogging system’s editor [44]. A
raw-text/p3188-adarA.txt:44. MediumEditor Open Source Team. 2016. MediumEditor.
raw-text/p3213-chancellorAFL.txt:(ref. Supplemental Materials). This means that our research
raw-text/p3213-chancellorAFL.txt:sought from the account owners (see Supplementary Materials
raw-text/p3241-riche.txt:with supplemental study material is available at:
raw-text/p3293-grosse-puppendahlA.txt:but only 3 of them are open-source [64, 175, 225].
raw-text/p3328-jangA.txt:Source Code Availability
raw-text/p3352-strohmayer.txt:42. National Ugly Mugs. 2016. Supplementary written
raw-text/p3414-williamson.txt:The pedestrian data was generated using open source
raw-text/p3476-candelloA.txt:natural language processing open source libraries and API
raw-text/p3488-longA.txt:direct a requester to a source code repository (e.g. on
raw-text/p3488-longA.txt:referencing source-code repositories or subreddits dedicated
raw-text/p3488-longA.txt:peripheral participation [31] observed in open source
raw-text/p3488-longA.txt:understanding of the motivation Open Source Software
raw-text/p348-xuA.txt:we checked the source code and reproduced the issues to en-
raw-text/p348-xuA.txt:The studied issues were reported on four open-source software
raw-text/p348-xuA.txt:source code via two steps: (1) identifying the program points
raw-text/p348-xuA.txt:that deny access in the source code of the studied software
raw-text/p348-xuA.txt:gram signatures of access-denied points in the source code;
raw-text/p348-xuA.txt:Commercial and Open Source Systems. In Proceedings
raw-text/p3511-gurariA.txt:iteratively supplement a training dataset with the most infor-
raw-text/p3523-valentineA.txt:in free and open source software. One of the main differences
raw-text/p3523-valentineA.txt:source code, the parent is the version of the organizational
raw-text/p3523-valentineA.txt:open-source software development. Unpublished
raw-text/p3523-valentineA.txt:Internet success: a study of open-source software
raw-text/p3582-mcmillan.txt:supplement these findings with qualitative analysis of the
raw-text/p3595-camboA.txt:a corresponding action. BreakSense uses the open-source
raw-text/p3595-camboA.txt:database using the open-source Parse library for managing
raw-text/p3595-camboA.txt:48. Parse. Parse Open Source Hub. Retrieved September
raw-text/p3608-boppA.txt:supplement the national census categories with locally-
raw-text/p3620-dasguptaA.txt:other users’ projects, including the corresponding source code,
raw-text/p3620-dasguptaA.txt:cluded in the supplementary material for this paper.
raw-text/p3632-tolmieA.txt:workplace technology by supplementing it with their own
raw-text/p3645-boukhelifaA.txt:to the marketing team, and P8 used open source tools to visu-
raw-text/p3657-peekA.txt:of digital fabrication machines. These open-source modules
raw-text/p3657-peekA.txt:set includes open-source designs for stackable single degree-
raw-text/p3657-peekA.txt:open-source and freely available at http://mtm.cba.mit.edu.
raw-text/p3657-peekA.txt:for machine control. PyGestalt is open source and available on-
raw-text/p3657-peekA.txt:building 3D printers from open source designs.
raw-text/p3681-bucciAFL.txt:customizability, leveraging open-source designs.
raw-text/p3681-bucciAFL.txt:MacaronBit: Macaron is a open-source web-based keyframe
raw-text/p3693-yueA.txt:in supplemental document).
raw-text/p3693-yueA.txt:sampling the solution space (pseudo code in supplemental
raw-text/p3693-yueA.txt:follows the trajectory of the stroke si (see supplemental
raw-text/p3693-yueA.txt:process (see supplemental video). The user can trigger dis-
raw-text/p3693-yueA.txt:in Figure 18 and the supplemental materials. Taking an input
raw-text/p3693-yueA.txt:supplemental video) based on the drawing sequence pre-
raw-text/p3693-yueA.txt:ments (table with full statistics can be found in supplemental
raw-text/p3751-abdelrahmaA.txt:potential PIN or pattern. Our implementation is open source,
raw-text/p3775-urA.txt:an open-source password meter that is more accurate at rating
raw-text/p3775-urA.txt:leasing our meter’s code open-source.2
raw-text/p3775-urA.txt:2Source code: https://github.com/cupslab/password_meter
raw-text/p3787-tanAFL.txt:open-source implementation of abstract art fingerprints [4,30].
raw-text/p3787-tanAFL.txt:Random Art fingerprints [23], of which Vash is an open-source
raw-text/p3787-tanAFL.txt:are included as supplementary material.
raw-text/p3838-hoyleA.txt:as supplementary material. The survey was advertised using
raw-text/p3838-hoyleA.txt:cally significant; see Supplementary Materials).
raw-text/p3856-vermaA.txt:participants’ identifier as a qualitative supplementary variable.
raw-text/p3891-sridharA.txt:supplemented by mid-air finger input [14, 20, 21, 22]. Recent
raw-text/p3891-sridharA.txt:future. Please see the supplementary video for a demonstration
raw-text/p3891-sridharA.txt:on the same device. Please see the supplementary video for
raw-text/p3929-wuA.txt:algorithms, dataset and tools are available as open source at
raw-text/p3929-wuA.txt:part of our EagleSense open-source release and can be used
raw-text/p3929-wuA.txt:ful server and a JavaScript library in our open-source pack-
raw-text/p3929-wuA.txt:Figure 9. Partial source code for prototype applications,
raw-text/p3929-wuA.txt:multi-device applications are available as open source:
raw-text/p3966-grubertAFL.txt:1source code available under https://gitlab.com/mixedrealitylab/HeadPhones
raw-text/p405-sirkinA.txt:The Daze source code and executable are available at
raw-text/p4082-hwangA.txt:an alternative experimental design, supplemented with qual-
raw-text/p4082-hwangA.txt:open source [45], so that they may provide a foundation
raw-text/p4082-hwangA.txt:supplement to nicotine patch therapy. Addiction 100, 5
raw-text/p4097-burgermasterA.txt:Supplement 1: S19-S26.
raw-text/p4146-freemanA.txt:see the supplementary material for all of the questions.
raw-text/p4158-abdolrahmani.txt:and supplemented by field notes. Each focus group lasted
raw-text/p4158-abdolrahmani.txt:and supplemented with Likert and focus group data.
raw-text/p4242-vitaleA.txt:[29], but these should be supplemented with estimates.
raw-text/p4266-mallochA.txt:consulted their written strategy descriptions to supplement our
raw-text/p4290-maezawaAFL.txt:(please see the supplemental video); this roughly informs the
raw-text/p4302-greenhalgh.txt:through a browser-based interface, and the source code was
raw-text/p4358-moserA.txt:supplementary materials for additional details). Due to the
raw-text/p4358-moserA.txt:See supplementary material for results that include the
raw-text/p4358-moserA.txt:the student participants are reported in the supplementary
raw-text/p4358-moserA.txt:supplementary materials
raw-text/p4358-moserA.txt:supplementary materials include an animation of the same
raw-text/p4358-moserA.txt:in the supplementary materials.
raw-text/p4358-moserA.txt:SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL
raw-text/p4358-moserA.txt:Supplemental material can be accessed at https://chocolate-
raw-text/p435-chattingA.txt:supplemented with location derived from WiFi networks,
raw-text/p4430-haleA.txt:language reviews to supplement a smaller number of English-
raw-text/p4468-popeA.txt:Supplementary Materials). Two colleagues Brian and Alice are
raw-text/p4520-guiA.txt:sources to supplement formal clinical channels [16].
raw-text/p4534-nelimarkkaA.txt:1 Presemo is an Open Source live-participation environment available
raw-text/p4561-kimA.txt:Parse server, an open source implementation of backend-as-
raw-text/p4585-dombrowskiA.txt:supplement existing technologies in the low-wage workplace
raw-text/p4585-dombrowskiA.txt:these information systems. Further, such supplemental
raw-text/p4703-swearnginA.txt:application's commands from source code. We explore this
raw-text/p4703-swearnginA.txt:and the source code that handles inputs. Genie derives
raw-text/p4703-swearnginA.txt:listener source code, and the DOM element the listener is
raw-text/p4703-swearnginA.txt:event listener source code as shown in Figure 3. First, our
raw-text/p4703-swearnginA.txt:listener, linking it to its origin in the website’s source code.
raw-text/p4703-swearnginA.txt:source code. Genie analyzes four sources of listener
raw-text/p4703-swearnginA.txt:strings using an open source spell checker library3
raw-text/p4703-swearnginA.txt:Only a few prior works have analyzed source code for
raw-text/p4703-swearnginA.txt:metadata in an application’s source code. For instance, a key
raw-text/p4703-swearnginA.txt:not include descriptors in the comments or source code of
raw-text/p4715-giannisakisA.txt:each command. All icons are attached in the supplementary
raw-text/p4727-besanconA.txt:6. Gavin Bell. 1988. Bell’s trackball. Source code, formerly
raw-text/p472-avleA.txt:an open source PC stick to a mixed audience of Chinese and
raw-text/p4741-chandraA.txt:stores and informal service centers. This was supplemented
raw-text/p4741-chandraA.txt:were supplemented by 13 semi-structured interviews with
raw-text/p4765-chandraA.txt:supplemented by an exploration of SP Road and just
raw-text/p4765-chandraA.txt:The observations were supplemented by 13 semi-structured
raw-text/p4850-rossittoAFL.txt:observations and interviews, but mostly as supplementary
raw-text/p4875-chungA.txt:supplemented with educational resources, coaching or
raw-text/p4887-fanA.txt:Issue Supplement s1, pages 802–821 (2009).
raw-text/p4899-marshall.txt:included as supplementary materials. The contribution of the
raw-text/p4899-marshall.txt:supplementary materials provided with the paper.
raw-text/p4899-marshall.txt:data and analysis variables in supplementary material files -
raw-text/p4911-arawjoA.txt:remain either supplementary or for more advanced program-
raw-text/p4924-prabhakarA.txt:supplementary material.
raw-text/p4966-lukoffA.txt:Journal of studies on alcohol. Supplement, 14: 164–
raw-text/p4994-strohmeierA.txt:supplementary material, or see Han et al. [11]. Note that we
raw-text/p5053-maudetA.txt:All 52 stories are available as supplementary material. In the text,
raw-text/p5065-takahashiA.txt:cost [30]. Open-source 3D printers, especially those based on
raw-text/p5065-takahashiA.txt:open-source 3D printers [9, 15].
raw-text/p5065-takahashiA.txt:open-source printer based on fused deposition
raw-text/p5065-takahashiA.txt:in PLA with an open-source 3-D printer. Rapid
raw-text/p5098-mustafaAfl.txt:less [13]. Similaly, open source tool-kits with interactive
raw-text/p5098-mustafaAfl.txt:open source toolbox for analysis of single-trial EEG
raw-text/p5098-mustafaAfl.txt:Jan-Mathijs Schoffelen. 2010. FieldTrip: open source
raw-text/p5114-hassibA.txt:Supplement 1 (2007), B231–B244.
raw-text/p5171-francoiseA.txt:2supplementary material is available online:
raw-text/p519-gormanAfl.txt:cluded in the supplementary materials (‘InterviewGuide.pdf’).
raw-text/p519-gormanAfl.txt:the ‘Transcripts’ folder in the supplementary materials.
raw-text/p519-gormanAfl.txt:icMap.png’ file in the supplementary materials.
raw-text/p519-gormanAfl.txt:descriptions below and refer readers to our supplementary
raw-text/p519-gormanAfl.txt:supplement to lipreading. The Journal of the Acoustical
raw-text/p5245-hongA.txt:care, to supplement their interactions with their care team.
raw-text/p5245-hongA.txt:body to supplement the conversation. C5’s comment illus-
raw-text/p5284-krekhovA.txt:G. C. An Open Source Framework for Real-Time,
raw-text/p5295-licoppeA.txt:sometimes supplemented with observations and
raw-text/p5361-widdicksA.txt:They collected logs from 86 home routers, supplemented with
raw-text/p5361-widdicksA.txt:Some sample visualisations are provided as supplemental material.
raw-text/p5361-widdicksA.txt:category are provided as supplemental material.
raw-text/p5462-boyA.txt:1 Results for Exps. 4 and 5 can be found in the supplemental
raw-text/p5545-shannon.txt:supplement expert feedback, as each has different strengths
raw-text/p5545-shannon.txt:used an open source peer feedback system designed to be
raw-text/p5568-zhuA.txt:dia to supplement dictionaries by coupling images, audios,
raw-text/p5580-wauckA.txt:viable supplement to peer feedback and students preferred it
raw-text/p5580-wauckA.txt:a viable supplement to peer feedback. This is supported by
raw-text/p5580-wauckA.txt:To supplement their feedback, instructors teach students to
raw-text/p5580-wauckA.txt:External crowd feedback could therefore supplement peer
raw-text/p5690-henleyA.txt:mers. Instead of textual source code, these languages are
raw-text/p5690-henleyA.txt:10 minutes, answering questions about the source code. The
raw-text/p5690-henleyA.txt:patches similar to the source code (block diagrams). Regard-
raw-text/p5690-henleyA.txt:source code with runtime information, thus, combining pro-
raw-text/p5690-henleyA.txt:small; however, it was based on an open source example, and
raw-text/p5690-henleyA.txt:Source Code in Contemporary IDEs Using Tab Panes and
raw-text/p5690-henleyA.txt:Source Code. In Proceedings of the Visual Languages
raw-text/p5690-henleyA.txt:Graph Navigation in Source Code. In CHI ’12 Extended
raw-text/p5773-zhuA.txt:ities and differences in CBT-I workflow (see Supplemental
raw-text/p5850-tarnataA.txt:nally, reference source code and our dataset is available at
raw-text/p5862-billahA.txt:This section reports our findings, supplemented with
raw-text/p5869-liuA.txt:and the open source ZVTM toolkit [23]. As for the 1D case,
raw-text/p5905-gutwinA.txt:several navigation techniques to an open-source PDF viewer,
raw-text/p5905-gutwinA.txt:We built a custom viewer based on the open-source IcePDF
raw-text/p5954-kandathil.txt:Supplementary data from other sources included
raw-text/p5966-lu.txt:especially hard to track. The best open source hand tracker
raw-text/p6024-zhangA.txt:an interaction without an application’s source code, without
raw-text/p6024-zhangA.txt:interactions without an app’s source code, without rooting the
raw-text/p6024-zhangA.txt:source code, without rooting the phone or otherwise modifying
raw-text/p6024-zhangA.txt:1.		 Android Open Source Project. Accessibility Developer
raw-text/p6024-zhangA.txt:2.		 Android Open Source Project. Dashboards.
raw-text/p6038-liA.txt:The source code is available at http://www.toby.li/sugilite_repo
raw-text/p6056-findlater.txt:the Supplemental Materials, but reported medical conditions
raw-text/p6101-mcgookinA.txt:were supplemented with on-device interaction logs.
raw-text/p6123-wang.txt:3D printer for biological materials using the open source
raw-text/p6133-hassibA.txt:scribed in [49]. The toolkit is available open source3
raw-text/p6159-molapo.txt:project, supplementing this data with interviews with the
raw-text/p6184-parry-hillA.txt:most prominently in the context of free and open source soft-
raw-text/p6184-parry-hillA.txt:accomplishment. Similar to Shah’s hobbyist-style open-source
raw-text/p6184-parry-hillA.txt:free/open source software: A diary study of first-time
raw-text/p6184-parry-hillA.txt:2002. Two case studies of open source software
raw-text/p6184-parry-hillA.txt:viability of hybrid forms in open source software
raw-text/p6184-parry-hillA.txt:understanding of the motivation of open source software
raw-text/p6195-foongA.txt:biographical information that is supplemented with
raw-text/p61-zugerA.txt:be found on our supplemental materials site 3.
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:tions when switching the part of the source code back to the
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:often have to switch the part of the source code back to the
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:grammers use and modify different versions of source code
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:when they revert the source code. These behaviors can be
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:ations are conducted by rewriting a source code directly [24].
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:ing focuses on only one region of a source code. On the other
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:tiple regions of a source code; however, it is a small-scale,
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:multiple parts of the source code at the same time. Finally,
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:source code when a programmer saves a file, which allows
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:of a source code at the same time, although both this model
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:apply text edits to multiple separate parts of a source code
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:selectively revert the region of the source code to the previous
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:uncomment out multiple separate parts of a source code at
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:operation affects a large part of the source code, some edits
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:document (source code), and does not support the develop-
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:generates visual elements for each candidate source code as
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:between the current source code and the candidate source
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:to write source code faster using our tool. Four participants
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:tool because several parts of the source code were changed
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:the source code. For example, P1
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:source code. They said that deleting all the source code was
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:results after reverting a source code change. We also required
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:Displaying the behavior of the source code after the micro-
raw-text/p6208-mikamiAFL.txt:of the source code [21]. Thus, we cannot be certain whether
raw-text/p6220-chenAmsk.txt:opers in distributed teams synchronize source code. However,
raw-text/p6220-chenAmsk.txt:Barriers faced by newcomers to open source projects: a
raw-text/p6220-chenAmsk.txt:systematic review. In Open Source Software: Mobile
raw-text/p6220-chenAmsk.txt:Open Source Technologies. Springer, 2014, 153–163.
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:chanics of navigating a single variant of source code [19],
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:ample, if a programmer took the source code of a website
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:programmers’ navigation in source code. The first such
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:model, namely PFIS [24], used source code and task de-
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:Navigating source code is nontrivial [19]: one of the ways
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:source code is by recommending source-code locations that
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:on source-code cues (words), the programmer’s past navi-
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:Figure 1. The PFIS3 data model operationalizes IFT: patches (methods) and words in source code are represented as nodes
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:mer navigation have shown that source-code structure is an
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:ences in the source code between variants, while Group-2
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:In IFT terms, Group-1 participants foraged in source-code
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:patches using source-code words as cues, whereas Group-2
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:participants foraged extensively in non-source-code patches
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:marily used words in source-code as cues to locate the right
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:participants foraged in source-code patches and used as
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:cues words in the source code.
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:(who used the text-based source-code words as cues) very
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:well, but failed to model non-source-code patches and cues
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:for non-source-code patches and cue types in IFT-based
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:source code patches, using source-code-inspired cues, we
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:thus far only model foraging among source-code patches,
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:thereby only considering source-code-word cue types for
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:non-source-code patches and cues for their between-variant
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:types of foragers. Group 1 used source-code cue types and
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:Group 2 used non-source code cue types (e.g., output and
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:gramming, modeling only source code cue types is insuffi-
raw-text/p6232-srinivasa-ragavanA.txt:ing a fisheye view of source code. In Proceedings of
raw-text/p6245-d-angeloA.txt:the source code his/her partner is looking.
raw-text/p6245-d-angeloA.txt:source code while working in a simulated remote work envi-
raw-text/p6245-d-angeloA.txt:Automating Fixation Correction for Source Code. In
raw-text/p629-kelleyA.txt:supplements
raw-text/p629-kelleyA.txt:supplement, and there is this undertone that I must not be
raw-text/p629-kelleyA.txt:to supplement our findings.
raw-text/p6317-greenA.txt:Open-source content management systems (e.g.
raw-text/p6317-greenA.txt:WordPress as a flexible, open-source, database-driven
raw-text/p6317-greenA.txt:i-Docs should supplement and reflect (rather than duplicate)
raw-text/p6342-renA.txt:open source software development and Wikipedia [5, 8, 24].
raw-text/p6342-renA.txt:6]. For example, in open source software communities, diver-
raw-text/p6342-renA.txt:collectives: A study of open source project success.
raw-text/p6342-renA.txt:emergence of governance in an open source community.
raw-text/p6352-hallA.txt:another open source community that lacks strong leadership
raw-text/p6376-footeA.txt:found for contributors to open source software [6] and other
raw-text/p6376-footeA.txt:For example, open source programmers use many different
raw-text/p6376-footeA.txt:Defining Open Source Software Project Success. In ICIS
raw-text/p6376-footeA.txt:2003. Motivation of software developers in Open Source
raw-text/p6376-footeA.txt:Internet Success: A Study of Open-source Software
raw-text/p6376-footeA.txt:Motivation and Social Practice in Open Source Software
raw-text/p6381-balestraA.txt:peer production systems, such as open source software
raw-text/p6381-balestraA.txt:and Effort in Free/Open Source Software Projects.
raw-text/p6381-balestraA.txt:motivations for contributing to open source initiatives:
raw-text/p6381-balestraA.txt:open source software projects. In Proceedings of the
raw-text/p6381-balestraA.txt:development of open source software: anthropological
raw-text/p6386-nassir.txt:probes to supplement our interviews because we are aware
raw-text/p6425-mcneill.txt:Supplement 2: 13–22.
raw-text/p6461-taylorA.txt:Supplement: S40–S44.
raw-text/p6487-jabbarA.txt:entrepreneurial agents. It supplements existing accounts of
raw-text/p6487-jabbarA.txt:Information Infrastructures; Entrepreneurship; Open-source;
raw-text/p6487-jabbarA.txt:activities taking place online such as in the open-source
raw-text/p6487-jabbarA.txt:(cyber)infrastructure. In doing so, synergizing supplements
raw-text/p6487-jabbarA.txt:important to supplement our various physical sites of
raw-text/p6487-jabbarA.txt:circumventing activities supplements current approaches to
raw-text/p6499-sasA.txt:supplement from a friend: “he just sent me his QR code and
raw-text/p6523-bardzellA.txt:Its aim is to promote FLOSS (free/libre/open-source soft-
raw-text/p6523-bardzellA.txt:als of open source, sustainability, and Taiwanese cultural
raw-text/p6569-ilisescuA.txt:final results shown in the supplemental video. We use seamless
raw-text/p6569-ilisescuA.txt:For instance, in Fig. 9a and in our supplemental video, an artist
raw-text/p6569-ilisescuA.txt:quickly create a Mexican Wave. In our supplemental video we
raw-text/p6569-ilisescuA.txt:level(seeFig.9candsupplementalvideo). Then, thegamelogic
raw-text/p6569-ilisescuA.txt:in our supplemental video4, as stills in Fig. 10, and are briefly
raw-text/p6569-ilisescuA.txt:as shown in our supplemental video, we also tag pairs of
raw-text/p6569-ilisescuA.txt:L/Shutterstock.com, (h) © Cysfilm. Results sequences shown in supplemental video.
raw-text/p6569-ilisescuA.txt:an 8-actor Mexican Wave (see supplemental video) and one
raw-text/p6569-ilisescuA.txt:synthesis. In the supplemental video, we qualitatively show
raw-text/p6569-ilisescuA.txt:sound feedback is present. As shown in our supplemental video,
raw-text/p6672-hanafiA.txt:in the supplemental material.
raw-text/p6695-xieA.txt:automatic tools. Figures 1, 6, 7, and our supplemental materi-
raw-text/p6695-xieA.txt:The final five images are in our supplemental materials.
raw-text/p6695-xieA.txt:supplemental materials include all four traced images.
raw-text/p6695-xieA.txt:board shortcuts (see supplemental materials). We did not talk
raw-text/p6695-xieA.txt:are included in the supplemental materials.
raw-text/p6718-avellinoA.txt:hardware and open-source platforms, we add cameras to exist-
raw-text/p6718-avellinoA.txt:, an open source multimedia framework. The
raw-text/p6742-cockburn.txt:trackball) is available to supplement touchscreen control.
raw-text/p6742-cockburn.txt:Systems ARINC Specification 661, supplement 6,
raw-text/p6825-pandeyA.txt:(http://www.materialize.css). It is BSD open source at
raw-text/p6837-lee.txt:duration) can be found in our online supplement. We esti-
raw-text/p6837-lee.txt:expertise in sleep (see online supplement for full details).
raw-text/p6837-lee.txt:online supplement).
raw-text/p6837-lee.txt:protocol we created (see online supplement) but add greater
raw-text/p6837-lee.txt:online supplement. Future work should explore how to help
raw-text/p6837-lee.txt:no. Supplement 1: S87-S94.
raw-text/p6864-ravichandranA.txt:day-to-day trend of how the iodine supplement I have just re-
raw-text/p6876-epsteinA.txt:demographics. The supplemental materials contain more
raw-text/p6889-ayobiA.txt:Neurology 84, 14 Supplement: P3.209.
raw-text/p692-sun.txt:supplementary technique for touch in hand-busy scenarios.
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:of a community of makers using Bela [29], an open-source
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:Though Bela is an open-source hardware platform, our results
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:suggest that open-source release is not itself sufficient for a
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:ularly relevant to this paper is the case of Open Source/Free
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:released open-source and continued with a series of tutorials,
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:Open-source
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:for the open-source graphical music programming language
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:also fully open-source, which was particularly important to
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:incompatible with Bela’s claim to be open-source.
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:used this open source software from other people that invested
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:that the growth of open-source communities is not always a
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:The fact that Bela is Linux-based makes porting open-source
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:software easier. But running an open-source operating system
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:is not a sufficient condition: most open-source software can
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:Open source: necessary but not sufficient?
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:open-source platform was seen as an important value, at least
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:If Bela were open source but not easily connectible to familiar
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:have millions of open-source projects, of which few receive
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:user issues. Long-term sustainability of open-source commu-
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:ware and open source benefit from this connection, growing
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:Open-source software may encourage pluggable communities
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:on open-source status remains to be seen.
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:open-source materials are important, but that they are not
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:existing open-source tools as pluggable communities. We be-
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:may be particularly common in open-source software. For ex-
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:open-source tools, many of which predate the Linux kernel.
raw-text/p6948-morrealeA.txt:Gregorio Robles. 2002. Free/libre and open source
raw-text/p6973-sleeperA.txt:full sets of mockup screens are included in the supplementary online materials for this paper.
raw-text/p6973-sleeperA.txt:sharing on Facebook for some topics, as a supplement or sub-
raw-text/p6986-thomas.txt:mission. The full research brief is attached as supplementary
raw-text/p7005-maiden.txt:well as to sketch the risk and/or resolution to supplement
raw-text/p7015-harmon.txt:Companies. Talk at Open Source Bridge. June 21-24, 2016,
raw-text/p7029-gronbaekA.txt:figures 6 and 7). The field notes were supplemented with pho-
raw-text/p7070-guoA.txt:speak” in programming materials (both open-source and cor-
raw-text/p7070-guoA.txt:volunteers, programming teachers, open-source contributors,
raw-text/p736-deloatchA.txt:problem. Participants were provided with a source code text
raw-text/p748-zhouA.txt:a more supplementary role by adding non-verbal cues.
raw-text/p748-zhouA.txt:the image, which ended up playing a supplementary role.
raw-text/p748-zhouA.txt:play non-verbal clues and supplement text. Our study par-
raw-text/p786-raghavanA.txt:21. M. Dolejšová. Deciphering a meal through open source
raw-text/p853-castelli.txt:installed as a supplement to the commercial smart home
raw-text/p853-castelli.txt:open source projects, such as openHAB [77], already
raw-text/p919-hauteaA.txt:have included these questions in an online supplement. Finally,
raw-text/p919-hauteaA.txt:digital traces. Times Higher Literary Supplement (April
raw-text/p960-wangA.txt:ing the d3.js [5] Javascript library, the open source d3.chart.js
raw-text/p965-liuA.txt:still available, the open source information regarding Pensa’s
raw-text/p96-somanathA.txt:more accessible (the design is open-source). In a spectrum
raw-text/p96-somanathA.txt:low-cost, open-source, locally-assembled programmable
raw-text/p989-kanA.txt:bles are more alkaline and range from 6-8. Oral supplements
raw-text/p989-kanA.txt:can range from pH 2-10, with vitamin C oral supplement being
