raw-text/p1015-orji.txt:storyboards can be found in the supplementary material.
raw-text/p1118-feitA.txt:angle, but refer to the supplementary material for an extended
raw-text/p1307-liuA.txt:able in supplementary material. For the following section,
raw-text/p1352-tabor.txt:found in supplementary materials. It was interesting to note
raw-text/p1375-kimA.txt:relevant experience across the conditions (see supplementary
raw-text/p1768-maurielloA.txt:custom training document (see Supplementary Materials).
raw-text/p1817-fraserA.txt:full task instructions as supplementary material to similarly
raw-text/p1949-jiaA.txt:t-test results are presented in the supplementary materials.
raw-text/p220-dezaA.txt:ity surface; see Supplementary Material), such that, highly
raw-text/p2628-kimA.txt:function) are included as supplemental material.
raw-text/p2648-wongsuphasawatA.txt:expressiveness constraints (listed in supplemental material) to
raw-text/p2928-kraljA.txt:of some of these old designs are provided in supplementary
raw-text/p2993-yaroshA.txt:supplementary materials), along with the three key aspects
raw-text/p3213-chancellorAFL.txt:(ref. Supplemental Materials). This means that our research
raw-text/p3241-riche.txt:with supplemental study material is available at:
raw-text/p3620-dasguptaA.txt:cluded in the supplementary material for this paper.
raw-text/p3693-yueA.txt:in supplemental document).
raw-text/p3838-hoyleA.txt:as supplementary material. The survey was advertised using
raw-text/p4146-freemanA.txt:see the supplementary material for all of the questions.
raw-text/p4358-moserA.txt:supplementary materials for additional details). Due to the
raw-text/p4468-popeA.txt:Supplementary Materials). Two colleagues Brian and Alice are
raw-text/p4715-giannisakisA.txt:each command. All icons are attached in the supplementary
raw-text/p4899-marshall.txt:included as supplementary materials. The contribution of the
raw-text/p4924-prabhakarA.txt:supplementary material.
raw-text/p4994-strohmeierA.txt:supplementary material, or see Han et al. [11]. Note that we
raw-text/p5053-maudetA.txt:All 52 stories are available as supplementary material. In the text,
raw-text/p5171-francoiseA.txt:2supplementary material is available online:
raw-text/p519-gormanAfl.txt:cluded in the supplementary materials (‘InterviewGuide.pdf’).
raw-text/p5361-widdicksA.txt:Some sample visualisations are provided as supplemental material.
raw-text/p5462-boyA.txt:1 Results for Exps. 4 and 5 can be found in the supplemental
raw-text/p5773-zhuA.txt:ities and differences in CBT-I workflow (see Supplemental
raw-text/p6056-findlater.txt:the Supplemental Materials, but reported medical conditions
raw-text/p61-zugerA.txt:be found on our supplemental materials site 3.
raw-text/p6672-hanafiA.txt:in the supplemental material.
raw-text/p6695-xieA.txt:The final five images are in our supplemental materials.
raw-text/p6837-lee.txt:duration) can be found in our online supplement. We esti-
raw-text/p6876-epsteinA.txt:demographics. The supplemental materials contain more
raw-text/p6973-sleeperA.txt:full sets of mockup screens are included in the supplementary online materials for this paper.
raw-text/p6986-thomas.txt:mission. The full research brief is attached as supplementary
raw-text/p919-hauteaA.txt:have included these questions in an online supplement. Finally,
